CodeQL docs: Expand QLDoc style guide (#3742)
github/codeql: docs/qldoc-style-guide.md

### General requirements

1. Documentation must adhere to the [QLDoc specification](https://help.semmle.com/QL/ql-handbook/qldoc.html).
1. Documentation comments should be appropriate for users of the code.
1. Documentation for maintainers of the code must use normal comments.
1. Use `/** ... */` for documentation, even for single line comments.
   - For single-line documentation, the `/**` and `*/` are written on the same line as the comment.
   - For multi-line documentation, the `/**` and `*/` are written on separate lines. There is a `*` preceding each comment line, aligned on the first `*`.
1. Use code formatting (`backticks`) within comments for code from the source language, and also for QL code (for example, names of classes, predicates, and variables).
1. Give explanatory examples of code in the target language, enclosed in ```` ``` ````  or `` ` ``.

### Language requirements

1. Use US English.

> 1. Use full sentences, with capital letters and full stops, except for the initial sentence of the comment, which may be fragmentary as described below.

Reviewer: Isn't _full stop_ a British term? I think it's called a _period_ in U.S. English. Also, I think "US English" is written as "U.S. English" in U.S. English (with periods in the abbreviation).

(Sorry for being such a nit-picker. I don't know for sure whether I'm right here, but it would be slightly embarrassing if our requirement to use U.S. English isn't written in U.S. English :smile:.)

Author: 👍  good spot on full stops vs periods.

And I think we should actually "American English" to avoid those troublesome abbreviations 😄

1. Use simple sentence structures and avoid complex or academic language.
1. Avoid colloquialisms and contractions.
1. Use words that are in common usage.

### Requirements for specific items

1. Public declarations must be documented.
1. Non-public declarations should be documented.
1. Declarations in query files should be documented.
1. Library files (`.qll` files) should be have a documentation comment at the top of the file.
1. Query files, except for tests, must have a QLDoc query documentation comment at the top of the file.

> 1. Where a class denotes a generic concept with subclasses, list those subclasses.

Reviewer 2: This might be better off in the "QLDoc for classes" section below.

## QLDoc for predicates

1. Refer to all predicate parameters in the predicate documentation.
1. Reference names, such as types and parameters, using backticks `` ` ``.
1. Give examples of code in the target language, enclosed in ```` ``` ````  or `` ` ``.
1. Predicates that override a single predicate don't need QLDoc, as they will inherit it.

### Predicates without result

> 1. Document predicates that do not have using a third-person verb phrase of the form ``Holds if `arg` has <property>.``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Use a third-person verb phrase of the form ``Holds if `arg` has <property>.``.
```
Context is probably clear from the section title :-)

1. Avoid:

>    - `/**Whether ...*/`
>    - `/**"Relates ...*/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `/** Whether ... */`
   - `/**" Relates ... */`
```

   - Question forms:

>      - ``/**Is `x` a foo?*/``
>      - ``/**Does `x` have a bar?*/``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ``/** Is `x` a foo? */``
     - ``/** Does `x` have a bar? */``
```

#### Example

```ql
/**
 * Holds if the qualifier of this call has type `qualifierType`.
 * `isExactType` indicates whether the type is exact, that is, whether
 * the qualifier is guaranteed not to be a subtype of `qualifierType`.
 */
```

### Predicates with result

> 1. Document predicates that have a result using a third-person verb phrase of the form `Gets (a|the) <thing>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Use a third-person verb phrase of the form `Gets (a|the) <thing>`.
```

> 1. Use "if any" if the item is usually unique, but might be missing. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use "if any" if the item is usually unique but might be missing. For example
```

``Holds if `result` is a child of this expression.``.
1. Avoid:
   - `Get a ...`
   - `The ...`
   - `Results in ...`
   - Any use of `return`

#### Example
```ql
/**
 * Gets the expression denoting the super class of this class,
 * or nothing if this is an interface or a class without an `extends` clause.
  */
```

### Deprecated predicates

The documentation for deprecated predicates should be updated to emphasize the deprecation and specify what predicate to use as an alternative.
Insert a sentence of the form `DEPRECATED: Use <other predicate> instead.` at the start of the QLDoc comment. 

#### Example

```ql
/** DEPRECATED: Use `getAnExpr()` instead. */
deprecated Expr getInitializer()
```

### Internal predicates

Some predicates are internal-only declarations that cannot be made private. The documentation for internal predicates should begin with `INTERNAL: Do not use.`. 

#### Example

```ql
/**
 * INTERNAL: Do not use.
 */
```

### Special predicates

Certain special predicates should be documented consistently.

- Always document `toString` as 
  
  ```ql

>   /**Gets a textual representation of this element.*/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /** Gets a textual representation of this element. */
```

  string toString() { ... } 
  ```

> - Always document `hasLocationInfo` be documented like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Always document `hasLocationInfo` as
```

  ```ql
  /**
   * Holds if this element is at the specified location.
   * The location spans column `startcolumn` of line `startline` to
   * column `endcolumn` of line `endline` in file `filepath`.
   * For more information, see

>    * [Locations](https://help.semmle.com/QL/learn-ql/ql/locations.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * [Locations](https://help.semmle.com/QL/learn-ql/locations.html).
```
Previous link didn't work.

Author: Works for me, but via a redirect so it's better to use the correct URL 😸
